Deployment is what it's called when a Navy vessel goes to an extended
deployment to fight a war or do some training. So my ship, the USS John
C. Stennis, we actually went from our home port in San Diego and
we went to the Middle East and swam in the ocean there. We didn't swim
we rode on the boat right, but around the Arabian gulf, around the
surrounding islands, maybe around Singapore. And just in that general
area while the war was going on and we stayed there for six months,
and then we come back home to San Diego. So once you're home to
your home for then you do go out on the ship sometimes, but you don't
go out for that long, and you don't go out that far. But deployment
is, that's when your family comes, you know you say goodbye to your
significant other, you know you tap your kids on the shoulder and
say you know be good to your dad or your mom, you pack your bags up
and then it's a big farewell ceremony you know and then everybody there
waits for you to come back six or seven or eight months later.